---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "seerr_main_settings Data Source - seerr"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Read Seerr main settings via /api/v1/settings/main.
---

# seerr_main_settings (Data Source)

Read Seerr main settings via /api/v1/settings/main.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Read-Only

- `app_title` (String) The application title.
- `application_url` (String) The application URL.
- `cache_images` (Boolean) Whether Seerr caches proxied images.
- `csrf_protection` (Boolean, Deprecated) Whether CSRF protection is enabled.
- `discover_region` (String) The Discover region used by Seerr.
- `enable_report_an_issue` (Boolean, Deprecated) Whether the 'Report an Issue' feature is enabled.
- `hide_available` (Boolean) Whether to hide available media.
- `image_proxy` (Boolean, Deprecated) Whether the image proxy is enabled.
- `local_login` (Boolean) Whether local login is enabled.
- `locale` (String) The application locale.
- `media_server_login` (Boolean) Whether media-server login is enabled.
- `movie_request_limit` (Number, Deprecated) The movie request limit.
- `movie_requests_enabled` (Boolean, Deprecated) Whether movie requests are enabled.
- `new_plex_login` (Boolean) Whether the new Plex login is enabled.
- `original_language` (String) The original language.
- `partial_requests` (Boolean) Whether partial requests are allowed.
- `plex_login` (Boolean, Deprecated) Whether Plex login is enabled.
- `region` (String, Deprecated) The application region.
- `response_json` (String) Raw JSON response body.
- `series_request_limit` (Number, Deprecated) The series request limit.
- `series_requests_enabled` (Boolean, Deprecated) Whether series requests are enabled.
- `status_code` (Number) HTTP status code.
- `streaming_region` (String) The streaming region used by Seerr.
- `trust_proxy` (Boolean, Deprecated) Whether to trust the proxy.
